From out there on the Moon, international politics look so petty. You want to grab a politician by the scruff of the neck and drag him a quarter of a million miles out and say, ‘Look at that, you son of a bitch.
We have your satellite. If you want it back send 20 billion in Martian money. No funny business or you will never see it again
Anyone who sits on top of the largest hydrogen-oxygen fueled system in the world, knowing they’re going to light the bottom, and doesn’t get a little worried, does not fully understand the situation
The probability of success is difficult to estimate; but if we never search the chance of success is zero.
I stand before you today to speak on the importance of Time. As we all know that time is an imminent part of our lives. We often come across a well
known phrase ‘Either you run the day, or the day runs you’. It is rightly said because each and every moment in our life is time. Anything that passes and never comes
back is very important and time is one of those valuable treasures. So, proper utilization of time is necessary for one and all. Time management is one the pivotal
factors to achieve success in any field. It is essential for our personal as well as professional life. Time management teaches us the patience that no school or college can teach. Not only this, but also how
to tackle the difficult and different situations in the given span of time. This tells us that an individual who is skilled at managing time efficiently is always ahead of the ones who lack
this skill of time management. For instance, to be healthy one must manage one’s time effectively by dividing equal time for work, sleep and exercises.
Earlier it was difficult to manage the time because there was no such equipment to determine the time, all our ancestors did was predict the time based on sunrise and sunset. But today
the determination of time has become very easy and one can easily divide the time for works to be done by either making notes or simply setting reminders digitally, leaving no space for
errors. We live in an era where we face various challenges and tests on day to day basis. To achieve success and never fail during such challenges, a person should be able to organize the
things and complete these challenges on time. Time management helps everywhere. It helps students to complete their syllabus on time leaving ample of time for revision to score good, in
every office to complete the projects in the given deadlines, in the kitchen to prepare all meals on time to host a perfect table. Everything around us has its own pace and proper time.
Even the nature follows the path of time. There are days and night because the sun rises and sets on its fixed time. We cannot even imagine a world where there is no timing for sunrise and sunsets. Life would become perturbed and unorganized.
We must always respect the course of time because ones a moment is gone, it is lost forever. It is well said that the first step towards the success is efficient time management. One who
cannot manage his time is likely to fail at almost anything he does. Proper utilization of time enhances the productivity, upgrades the quality of work, keeps us motivated, gives a sense
of achievement and most importantly reduces the stress. However, it is not as simple as it seems to be, it requires a good amount of efforts and self discipline.
In the end I would like to conclude my speech by saying that we must always respect time, grab the opportunity when it knocks our door without wasting any time because “Time waits for none”.Thank You!