A very good Morning to one and all present here! I am xyz from class 12th and I stand here to speak on one of the most common yet one
of the most important topics, i.e. Time. There is a well known quote rightly said by Charles Darwin which says-“A man who dares to waste one
hour of time has not discovered the value of life”. Time management is easier said than it is done. It takes a lot of dedication and determination to
stay focused and follow the schedule you have set for yourself to manage your time efficiently. Time management is essential for people belonging to various
walks of life. There is absolutely nobody, who can achieve success without being able to manage and respect time. Be it a student, homemaker, working professional,
freelancer or business professional, everybody must learn to manage their time, in order to manage their tasks. Students need to manage their timings in order
to take time for classes, co-curricular activities, lunch breaks, tuition, exercise to stay fit and sleep. A businessman can only be successful if he plans and
implements his ideas, which is only possible if he is skilled in time management. This is because he is his own boss and that brings a lot of responsibilities
compared to when you are working for someone else. Home makers toil the entire day managing a lot of work at home. There is not a fixed amount of work to be done;
every day brings new tasks of testing and enduring because it is not a 9 to 5 job. So it becomes mandatory for them to prepare a to-do list, leaving extra time for
anything that adds up during the day. This not only helps in managing the work but also gives a sense of satisfaction of being able to take up extra work without
getting stressed. Freelancers, particularly those who work from home are skilled in the art of time management because mostly they work from home as they have
extra responsibilities to fulfill from their place. With the growing competition it becomes imperative for the professionals to not only do exceedingly well
but also submit their work before other competitors to stay a step ahead in this competitive era. This is possible if they do not only get time to do their
usual work but also do something different to bring them recognition. The trick to manage time is to always prepare a to-do list so that one can always finish the work
and also never skip the number of works to be done. The efficient way of managing time is to always set the to-do list according to the priority and do the most important
task first and rest thereafter. The other things to be kept in mind are to concentrate solely on the task at hand and when the right time comes up, one must also be willing to
negotiate according to the terms. One must always focus on the work and always keep phone aside while working. Mandatory sleep of 7-8 hours is also required
to rest the mind so that it can work the next day. It might appear simple but managing time calls for great qualities in an individual. A person should be disciplined,
self motivated, always enthusiastic to accept any task that comes in his way, ready to take up any challenge and complete in time with zeal.
A person who can manage time can achieve anything that he works for and surely goes far in life. Thank You!

Respected Principal, Vice Principal, Teachers and My Dear Friends – Warm Greetings to all of you! I, Punya Taneja from Standard-VII (B), would like to
deliver a speech on time. Since we are students, every time we keep listening from our elders about the importance of time and how time management is extremely
crucial for all of us. There is also an important saying. i.e. “Time is Money” and “If we waste time, time will waste us”, etc. Every day we get 24 hours and every
person utilizes those 24 hours differently. Some use it by simply indulging in pastime activities and some by doing meaningful work, for example as students we can either
simply while away our time or make its optimum utilization by pursuing our studies, reading books and newspapers, learning any art form, etc. Of course, it requires
sustained efforts to achieve our goals, but it’s worth it and efforts that we put today give us attractive returns tomorrow. So when time is wisely invested today will give
you fruits of benefits tomorrow. Now the question that arises is how time can be invested wisely. Firstly, managing time is the ability where it is so utilized that it becomes
more productive and result oriented. If you master this art, then trust me nothing is impossible. But not everyone is good at time management as it requires painstaking
effort to learn the art of time management. Self-discipline is the essential key to do a proper time management. So it’s important to remain conscious of the passing time
and do its efficient management because then you will be able to achieve more with lesser efforts. There is yet another saying that “if you cannot efficiently manage your time,
then you will not be able to handle any other aspect of your life”. It therefore becomes foremost important to take that first step towards ensuring your success by doing
a proper time management. Moreover, if your time is well-managed then you are better informed at taking decisions and it boosts your motivation level too. You become more
productive and the work quality is improved if you master the time management technique. It doesn’t really matter whether you are a student or a working professional, time
management is extremely crucial for all. As students we have to juggle between various activities in a day, for instance from going to school to attending tuition to taking
time out for self-studies and school assignments and also pursuing our hobbies. Showing involvement in extra-curricular activities is also important for refreshing your brain and
help keeping your body fit. So everything boils down to time management and if everything is not timed well then the whole day becomes a chaos and all these activities wouldn’t
be carried out effectively. It is therefore advised by both our parents and teachers to prepare a to-do list and execute your day according to that list. Keep your phone out of sight
when you do your studies. Taking sound sleep is also very important. So take 7-8 hours sleep in a day. Take a healthy diet and do
regular exercise in order to keep both your mind and body fit. This is all I have to say. Thank You!